listen as the first wave of our mini TIF
review dispatches leading up to our most
watch list I wanted to mention two
movies that I highly recommend and also
highly recommend you know nothing about
going in so mostly you know the drill
I'm not gonna talk spoilers until I
release the spoiler videos closer to the
release dates I only want to talk about
things that have been showcased in the
trailers but you know that I always feel
the best experience is to go in blind so
you know screw my watch time stop this
video so you can go and blink and know
they're my one-word review for both of
these is unrelenting that's that for
those of you who do want to know a
little bit more let me explain
incredible I don't usually give works of
art right off the bat but the safeties
are Tarantino's retiring and they rhyme
with the baton we're talking about two
brothers who have two certified produced
by Martin Scorsese hits already
I even think this one may be better to
rewatch ability is strong the way they
direct non-actors is seamless least who
got the expressed written consent of the
NBA to use footage in their movie and
even beam the Semana folks funded
himself it tells a story of how II a
gambling addict hustling in New York's
diamond district who keeps getting in
deeper and deeper dead to the point that
I had it checked my bank account because
I could feel the overdraft fee's a lot
of people only know Sandler as the guy
who goes on vacation and then calls it a
movie for tax purposes but there is a
whole nother side of Sandler the actor
that's really really good you just you
know you don't see it as often but this
would be up there with one of the best
performances of the year on top of that
Kevin Garnett as himself has no business
being this good you don't have to follow
sports to enjoy this movie but if you do
you'll also notice how the dialogue is
practically a fourth-quarter
back-and-forth dribble like I talk a lot
so I don't mind it when two characters
are having a Mane combo in the front but
you could kind of still hear the
background people who are talking
because it honestly makes sense if
you're talking in a jewelry store you'd
be able to hear everybody it's kind of
like that Fincher rule of now whispering
inside of a club but actually having
your actors yell like they really would
be doing but I can see this being kind
of and I actually have heard some people
say that it's really annoying to them
some people said they were having
speaker problems in their theater but
look I loved it I am also the one who
listens to music interviews and Netflix
simultaneously on times to speech so
maybe I'm just crazy as always but I
can't wait to rewatch it because I do
think it's clear enough that you can
actually go back on your second watch
and choose who you want to pay attention
to and some of the background reactions
are actually pretty funny movie set the
diameter because our dad when we were a
little work there so we were kind of
exposed to this amazing pocket of New
York City and we wanted to explore it
and there could have been it's very old
world it's grimy scummy dirty all the
adjectives that can be used to describe
New York City sewer water but at the
same time it's a lesson you know the
ending at first gave me lot job but
after massaging it for a bit I realized
it's the perfect circle combo price
until my rewatch this is a mood piece
depending on what kind of day you're
having it's either going to pierce your
cerebral and aggravate you to death or
make you feel every emotion as a fan of
Krishna and it comes at night I
appreciated the filmmaking here but I'll
be honest I simultaneously hated this
movie and loved it let me start with the
bed there's a chance you might get
nauseous with the camera movements and
so a lot of the shots revolve around
being in the car as they're driving and
pulling that children of men shot where
it's going in circles but it does it
over and over to the point that I know
some people my screening literally
walked out because of it wayde's is also
part of the next way selections that's
if which means it was picked by their
youth-driven committee and chances are
if you're over a certain age you may not
know half of the songs that are blasting
and I mean blasting like an iPod Nano on
shuffle throughout this movie and there
may be a generational disconnect at 135
minutes I didn't think it was long but
it does feel like two movies in one I've
heard some people even say that it feels
like three or five because it's so
energetic that it keeps shifting its
pace it's almost like you're channel
surfing but by the end of it you end up
on a channel that leaves you hopelessly
depressed with just Lucas hedges goofy
smile to cheer you up that said for the
good it's all of the negative points I
just said but they work for you the
camera movements put you in a trance man
like I'm a huge fan of the behind the
scenes to that children of men shot so I
just didn't all everytime that they were
doing different shots here like they're
going over bridges doing this yeah and
you've been doing these kind of Malik
like very lube sts wavy shots where you
don't know where one begins or ends and
even though I agree that sometimes the
movements of the camera can get a little
too overwhelming
there is never a still image in this
movie in terms of the music if you
listen to any of these artists right
here make sure you go and you take a
friend with you because you'll be
nodding your head alongside with them
and Calvin Harrison on screen I'm
personally really curious to see how
many people are gonna prefer the
playlist in the first half as opposed to
the second half because I think they
differ and they almost kind of parallel
each other also it goes to me it does
feel like two movies but there's an
interesting reason for it if I could
compare it to another movie I would say
it's like place beyond the pines and how
it feels like a two in one special is
that you're getting the first movie and
its sequel all in one package but it
works and I can't believe I'm saying
this but he'll Lucas hedges was great in
this movie like I know some of y'all
loved him but I've been pretty vocal
that I've tried to give the man chance I
went deep into his IMDB we even went to
go see him live on Broadway just to see
just to give him the benefit of the
doubt right to see him live maybe it was
the camera nope so believe me when I say
that that he was the best part of this
movie and I am NOT being sarcastic I am
still firmly teamed to me but he did
good final point I'll make is that it
might be better on a rewatch since there
are certain lines in the second half
that completely changes the way you see
certain scenes in the first and it also
it adds a whole new meaning to the title
of wave so again I don't know if I love
this movie but I can't stop thinking
about it and how that sounds like a
successful movie to me
[Music]
you